Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
DS. Data storage.
Years ago. I had a dog.
Its name was Umul.
It died in the Drought.
Why are you here?
It's not on the door. It's on the floor.
What?
The sign. The one at Balhae Station.
It's on the floor.
CAUSE OF DEATH
Dr. Song?
Yeah?
Lee Gisu is not responding to us.
Are you with him now?
Uh...
He's currently on standby
at the front. and I'm...
taking a look at the storage.
What about the signal?
I'm searching the area.
but there must have been
some kind of error here.
I'll be returning shortly.
Please join Gisu right now.
Please do not...
act independently.
Okay. got it.
Well...
I guess that's it.
Team Two going to command center
right now.
Chief Gong. where are you?
Looks like an error.
I'm on my way to check the storage.
I'll report back.
Where's Dr. Song?
She's coming now.
Let's go to Storage Three.
Yes. sir.
Gisu.
Shit.
Gisu!
Dr. Song.
The cause of his death
is cervical spine fracture.
He died on the spot.
He fractured his skull. right arm. ankles...
He has fractures all over.
Even if he had fallen from the ceiling.
it wouldn't have had
an effect on him like this.
Which means he didn't die from the fall.
Do you believe Dr. Song?
In any case.
the state of his body
seems to be matching her story.
I'll handle this.
Return to the command center.
Okay.
Don't let your guard down at all.
Yeah. I got it. Captain.
Why was the co-pilot in the storage alone?
Why didn't you report him
to us immediately?
Are you trying to accuse me?
When the radio's back on.
I will have to report back
on why I lost two crew members
in under an hour.
I need to know exactly what happened.
I was just...
I was searching the premises.
Sorry. it's my fault for not reporting...
Don't make an excuse.
I'll know once I check your bodycam.
Forget the plan.
All we're going to do now is move corpses.
When I was a kid. I'd always look up
to the moon and make wishes.
But this is one eerie place for sure.
And what's going on with Dr. Song?
What exactly is she trying
to accomplish. huh?
All she did was make us nervous as hell
over a cause of death and all that.
and then she roamed around on her own.
Who does she think she is
to create so much trouble?
She wasn't trying
to cause trouble.
She was sharing her opinion
as a scientist.
I wasn't talking to you.
Now think about it.
We should all work together as a whole.
She nitpicks everything.
and it's bringing us down.
Yeah. true.
We didn't know there wouldn't be
any intact samples left in storage.
Our captain wouldn't give up
on us. though. right?
We'll end up searching
the entire station.
SONG JIAN
Gisu.
Did you just see that?
He was dragged in by something.
Gisu!
Wait. look right here. Now.
That's a sample.
And the capsule is intact.
It looks like it was kept
in some kind of solution.
Wait. Right here.
This is Balhae Station.
Control. respond.
Our comms got smashed.
and the stations don't work.
What now? What do we do?
I don't think there's any problem
with the internal system.
Might be related
to the radio tower outside.
Would they send a rescue ship for us?
Of course. they will.
I'm sure they're trying
to figure it out as we speak.
Goodness.
Look at him. He's asleep.
Soochan!
Hello?
Man. what is with you?
Hey.
Are you okay?
You. you... You good?
What's wrong with your face. Soochan?
Are you sick?
Hey!
What could it be?
It didn't seem human to me. sir.
But it took the sample.
If that creature was aware
of the sample's value.
then it is most likely human.
Then I think it looks like
it's probably an intruder or something.
Like that dead mercenary at the gate.
We'll catch it and find out.
It looks curved at the end.
The passage continues.
Should we go after it?
It couldn't have gotten too far away.
Captain! Captain. where are you?
It's Soochan.
Soochan just collapsed!
I. uh... What now?
Doc Hong. where are you?
I'm coming right now!
Do not come into contact with him!
Put on your hazmat suits and wait for me.
Do you hear me?
What's taking her so long?
Don't worry. She'll be here soon.
- Get out! Get out of here now!
- Doc Hong!
- Stay outside!
- What's happening?
Get out!
- Come on.
- Damn it!
What's gonna happen?
- Captain!
- What happened?
Soochan.
Soochan!
Soochan. come on. hang in there.
- Uh. Officer. you can't go in.
- No. Let me go.
One second. Will you let me go?
Soochan! Hang on.
Soochan! Hang in there.
Come on. hang in there.
Soochan. I know you'll make it.
Come on. hang in there. Please.
Come on. hang in there.
Soochan.
stay with me now. Soochan!
Soochan!
Stay with me! Soochan!
Doc Hong.
What's happening in there?
Soochan!
Hang in there. Soochan!
Come on. hang in there. Soochan!
Air purification system activated.
Doc Hong.
Have you seen this before?
No.
I've never seen anything like this.
I think...
he has to stay away from us.
We can't afford
to lose anyone else right now.
We should move him to the main lab.
And I'll do an autopsy
once I have him there.
Should I talk to Chief Gong about this?
I'll talk to him.
Air purification completed.
I'm sorry.
We are...
gonna have to do an autopsy.
you understand?
Dr. Hong.
Yeah?
Is there a way to find out everything
that happened in the other mission?
What are you saying?
There's data storage...
somewhere in this station.
So how long will this take?
The autopsy itself
will take one to two hours.
But it will take me a while
to find the exact cause of death.
I'll inspect the medical records
and the other bodies.
Very well.
What else do you need from me?
I just need your permission
to conduct an investigation.
I thought you didn't need my permission.
You've been doing whatever you like.
After everything that's happened.
don't you get it?
We can't get any answers
if we don't ask questions.
It's gonna be tough.
But we still have a mission to do.
- You have to remember that.
- Captain...
Can we just call it quits?
We don't know why Soochan died
or what it was that killed him.
The culprit got away
through ventilation shaft INP-07.
It passes through
all the key facilities of this station.
Soohyuk and E2. you'll search with me.
Taesuk and Heesun.
get us connected at any cost.
We'll call for backup
after all of that is over with.
Yes. Captain.
It has to be tough on the captain as well.
But for now.
we've got to do our jobs
as best as we can.
I have to take a look at the main board.
Comms continue to be down.
Is that real meteorite?
They look like rocks. right?
But these ones are real.
Superstition.
Meteorites fall on Earth.
but they don't get harmed.
So we wear these as a bid to our survival.
We put our trust in the universe.
Also Soochan had one of these.
I survived.
Why couldn't he as well?
Why would you believe
something like that?
- Huh?
- Think about it.
If you die. you die.
If you live. then you live.
There's no fate in the universe.
The machine room is the closest.
The dormitory is down the hall.
I'll take the lead. E2. you stay back.
Yeah. I got it. sir.
There are logs
up until before the accident.
but I see no leads.
In that case.
don't you think they really died
because of the radiation?
SONG WONKYUNG. LEVEL 1
I can't watch this.
Found anything yet?
Some of the files have been locked up.
Uh-huh.
You can't look at the records
of the higher-ups.
Yeah. I guess so.
Showing the same symptoms.
on the same day...
It happens quickly.
And has a high death rate.
I think we should gather as much tissue
as we can from the other bodies.
So I'll be able to trace back
to when Soochan's symptoms broke out.
Are you saying you're going
to go look at the bodies?
I can go alone.
You can stay here with Dr. Hong.
You cannot do this on your own. I'll come.
Can I leave you here for a minute?
Mm-hm. See you later.
Captain.
I see someone approaching from the front.
Are you sure?
Yeah. they're ahead of us.
It just passed by us.
It's moving forward. back towards us!
To the left. To the left.
He didn't look too well.
He was sweating profusely.
and he fell behind.
He would space out
and just look at the wall.
He was acting pretty weirdly.
Hold on.
I think I was in contact with him too.
This isn't contagious or anything. right?
Dr. Song. I need you in here for a second.
Why?
I'm still collecting the samples.
It won't take long.
Sure thing.
I'll be there in a couple of minutes.
I don't need you.
I just need Dr. Song. please.
You can stay and do your work.
Well. I don't have much
to do here. so I'll...
I'll be back shortly.
Dr. Song!
Please come back soon!
Dr. Song.
What's going on with you?
Nothing. Let's go.
Dr. Song. is this really contagious?
I'm feeling itchy.
What's in here?
There's no indicator that
it's one of our facilities. Captain.
It's located right next
to the machine room.
Captain.
Are comms back up?
I found a way to fix it.
but things aren't looking too good.
Got it.
Head back to the command center.
- Yes. sir.
Everyone here
came down with the same sort of sickness.
How else would they have ended up
like this. do you know?
Here I am. Dr. Hong.
I thought we should look into
as many things as we can.
The results came out just as I expected.
I found mucus
surrounding the bronchial tubes.
and. uh. there were signs of water
seeping through his organs.
His body was completely filled with water.
So...
he essentially drowned to death?
Yeah.
There's no external damage.
He's all clean.
That means the water
must have come from the inside.
and it happened so suddenly
that his bronchial tubes are swollen.
Other bodies shared similar symptoms.
I've never seen anything like this before.
Where did all that water
come from. anyway?
Have you ever seen anything like this?
There's nothing here.
What do you mean there's nothing there?
There is nothing abnormal.
There are no viruses or bacteria.
or toxins related to disease.
The crew was all in very good health.
Look at this.
This here is Soochan's blood.
Look at that right there.
In the blood?
What could it be?
There's a problem with the digital unit
connected to the communications tower.
We're going to need someone
to fix the equipment about the same time
someone else edits the protocol.
so then we can reboot the system.
But I'm the only engineer
on this mission.
and I can't do all this by myself.
Is this the unit you mean?
Yeah. But there's a problem with it.
All the station was up. everyone would use
the main elevator to get to the unit.
but it's out of order.
so we need to find another way.
The station was neglected
for five years after the accident.
That's probably why
there are some problems.
The only way to get there
is to go out to the gate.
then grab the elevator rail
and climb down. But that's just not...
We try setting up an anchor
and get down that way.
It won't be too hard.
No. you can't do that.
It's better to wait
until the rescue ship comes.
- It's way too dangerous.
- I'll do it.
Tell me what I need to do there.
Will you be all right?
I have to reach Director Choi
as soon as I can.
Did you find the root cause?
We're analyzing Soochan's blood
at the moment.
Once comms are up and running.
I'll make a reinvestigation request
to the accident
on behalf of Director Choi.
Only if we have enough samples. though.
So to do that. we need to find out
how Soochan died.
Yeah.
Captain.
Are you really gonna go?
Yeah.
Captain Han. wait.
There's something I'm concerned about.
It's the intruder.
It did not try to hurt me.
How can you be so sure of that?
It's called "critical distance."
When animals find intruders.
they watch them at first.
Then they attack them
when they come into a certain distance.
That's why it's very important
that you don't get too close.
On top of that.
it moves by using the shafts.
and escapes because it's always
a step ahead of us.
It seems like they're familiar
with this entire place.
Are you suggesting it could be a survivor?
The government would have known
if one of the crew had survived.
It's been five years. It seems impossible.
How could there be a survivor?
It's not so impossible.
The radiation turned out
to be completely normal.
So if they rationed their food
and their water.
there's a chance they'd survive.
And tell me why haven't they informed us
of any of this before?
If this wasn't an intruder.
there'd be no reason to steal the sample.
If they survived...
they'd be welcoming us. not attacking.
ELEVATOR GATE A
BALHAE LUNAR RESEARCH STATION
ALL CHARACTERS. LOCATIONS.
ORGANIZATIONS. NAMES. AND INCIDENTS
ARE PRODUCTS OF THE IMAGINATION
OR USED FICTITIOUSLY.
ANY RESEMBLANCE TO REALITY
IS ENTIRELY COINCIDENTAL.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm